I'm back with hate Itaiya Iooh I changed my equipment a Good after
tan
Are you doing post Micra videos for this video is a eh beginner
These days is the extreme clumsiness Seriously receive chromatographically video
If you are not good at slow voices and super stars , please press the back button
Huy is Alice Marisa Dazeo hatch, which came back good
Safely it is good came back but had lost the equipment of Uu
Mabon If it than re p main But I'm fine because there is equipment of Naa took last time
What I can not be helped it from rough last comment good way so we examine the defeat of Suka boss
I 'm completely troubled when I'm looking into it. P When I'm going to be the master, I'll make a quick pass
I do not know whether it is another look only, but I have to overthrow it more than this
I 'm sorry I was doing everything
Preparation for cleaning is ok ok
Well then we go back to the tower or cut the move
Yes, I'm back in the tower and Shanghai is left behind so I'll take Germany
I'm coming
Equipped it ze marked with school song of the school say Innovation absolute pen your arm to go in like this
Well then boss
Shichoi beating you and also crispy and cut to the Toko
kanu Morse flag stand does Do Yoshi rude I Deizu ze came back
Pond Marisa Uo Oh Oh master par
Arc yeah yeah
Yappee Marisa strategy success even ended up on the beach also winding Germany
Kitakore also gives damage to the boss's hall
Has been reduced much a Choya quite a child Do not just argh is after
Apparently the defense seems to be low if there are a lot of enemies coming
The summoning yanking zombies have a good beauty and their speed seems to be Lotte
Different Yoshi all defeated Kee' 2
The upper left corner is dangerous I Shiyuu Wu Dai this time
Continue to ignore a little but small fish after
Yoshi wagon san was also participating to have worked the wagon's attack
Soyer
Because it does not Toka explosion or was defeated there tiny guess I had finished speaking over something over two people
I also have a trophy
Apparently it seems like the end with this Marisa It appeared cool today
It's annoying because this equipment doesn't reflect the texture.
There was something like this, but this time the strange exploration is over
It was found that the fog was good and the stage was not for beginners
But there were lots of fun and maybe someday I'll do it again
It is up motivated this is Well
AS IS Utchi child'll Well then also Uzes Sayonara meet somewhere someday
Well you do not hear a strange sound finally from Alice something under the floor I wish the E'machine
Water roughly in a place like this ze try'm not No to actually hear a little sure my imagination
Wait Dazeetcha would have been no Nante
Stop because I'm really sweet and I can't eat anything
Yeah What's this cute mermaid-like to me
Hi everyone p I am Mainly doing Maincraft with more directed play
It is determined that it is not white anymore and the strange exploration is over at this time
But it doesn't mean it's completely finished, but I'll study a little and then resume again
I don't know but i'm newbie again
Do something with Gudaguda
It's a day, but I'm who I am If you use the mmd model in real life, it will be fun
Because I thought that I had started and I started with a force, I actually started
It was fun, it was pretty hard to say it was cute
Multiplied by the uniform annoying rant for internal refrain
I I because I have also everyone with care
i am
Today is rh 1
It is a fraction
Te one Misu'
I like more than anyone
na na na na
Women's N
Do not you feel like I forget someone who is the Lord p
a remember Ne of whether this is now
Hey ask a bit what the villager is
Now I'm so cute child play-by-play for another Mai gone is said Toka many times
Who Do You I'm coming to me I'm got to talk to the right of burdock receive what carded it Maji
What are you Wow I'm out now-Honushihiho Nyokumo me
I was going to to you came solid the next play-by-play person up to now, but you shake Medellin, also a
Lady
Seriously